DOC: Bump minimum Sphinx to 5.1.0 (#28627)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/README.rst

:orphan:

> .. NOTE
>    Lines 9-end of this file are include in :ref:`api_whats_new`;
>    therefore, please check the doc build after changing this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. NOTE TO EDITORS OF THIS FILE
   This file serves as README directly available in the file system next to the
   next_whats_new entries. Its content, starting line 11 (after the heading),
   is additionally included in the documentation page doc/devel/api_changes.rst.
   Please check that the page builds correctly after changing this file.
```
as above
